Date: 14.02.2019
Time: 12:55
Location: DW IZ-4

Note: as our first meeting was very informal, some typical elements are missing in the minutes below.
Also, I forgot to take notes during the brainstorming but I guess most relevant information is in the Whatsapp group.

1.	The role of our TA
    1.	Who is our TA? David Alderliesten, second year master’s student
    2.	To help us get through the project, and with practical stuff as coding and teamwork
    3.	Also reeling us in or inspiring us when appropriate
    4.	Not responsible for grade, but tries to get it as high as possible 
    5.	24/7 available via Whatsapp (medium decided on), direct response is only guaranteed during labs
    6.	Promotes laid-back atmosphere
2.	What do we want from our TA?:	We want guidance during the process, so that we don’t waste time binning hard work and backtracking.
3.	What result are we aiming for?: the general consensus was to aim for a passing grade at first and then try to crank that up. A note from the TA on results: this project is more about good teamwork than a good product, which is reflected in the grading
4.	Some ground rules
    1.	Documents like scrum stuff and the agenda are to be supplied by Saturday night each week (except the first week)
    2.	Attendance is mandatory, no stupid excuses, only valid reasons timely communicated (where art thou Richard?)
    3.	We are expected to prepare everything prior to our one-hour meeting with the TA so that not a minute goes to waste.
    4.	Though these are the rules, David does not mind being flexible at times.
5.	Some technical pointers
    1.  Logging in system: unencrypted plaintext file is minimally required, anything more than that would be great.
    2.  The takeaway: whenever something is not specified, it is up to you
    3.  Also sending html documents from the server and rendering this is a bad idea!
6.	Action Points
    1.	Everyone should upload a picture and add a name+NetID+picture entry in the readme.md
    2.	Everyone should add their personal development plan to the docs folder
    3.	Don't go too far this weekend, the work starts next week.
7.	Next meeting – next Monday 14:45-15:45 
8.	Closing - ~15:45