•	Date: 11.03.2019
•	Time: 13:45
•	Chair: Max
•	Secretary: Jason Bloom

1.	Introduction

Surprise demo – Our demo not working
Good progress compared to other groups 

2.	Looking back at the past week 
o	What did everyone do?
Max: Worked on the meal feature, made the GUI, connected the database.
Dan Dan: Worked on the achievements but the idea got changed so the code got thrown away. 
Harshitaa: Was working on the main menu but it was hard to incorporate the working features. So we changed back to a more basic GUI system.
Thom: Did controller testing for end points. Added entities to the database, achievements.

3.	Agenda items 
Server efficiency – meal API, should this be done on a separate thread or on the server-side to speed things up.
•	It is fine the way it is working but the fetching can also be moved to the server-side and database.

User authentication – took longer because of password
•	User authentication is not a requirement so if it is working that is great but if not and it is taking too much effort then we can skip it. 

Thom – issues with the annotations for many-to-many relations
•	Unclear what the specific issues are because Thom is not present.


4.	Question round (for the TA or just in general)
Entities reusing on both sides – Should be able to expose as a package.?
-	For this course it’s fine to copy it on both sides.

5.	Any Other Business
6.	Action Points –
•	If you have issues that take longer than an hour to fix in a group, then just ask an TA.
•	Maintain this progress speed for all the weeks then it should be fine.
•	Move API to server/database side.
7.	Next meeting - 
8.	Closing – 14:45

