### Introduction:

### Worked on:
Not discussed.

### Question:
Are singletons fine? Yes it fine, we will learn about it next year.

The API’s we are using do not have anything about temperature, could we switch it out? 
- Yes but make sure to justify it. We can use alternative features.

How to test the client side code?
- We do not have to test the calls from external API’s
- We do not have to write tests for getters and setters. But we can do it. also not for the framework methods.

Our online server can only handle one user, is this fine?
- Yes this is fine, just make sure to have a local backup because servers may fail.

Are we going to get question about efficieny? 
- Yes we should defend choices about getting all users vs one user  per time etc.

### Issues:
Work distribution issues resolved. Thom has the biggest amount of code but a lot is code coverage rapports.


### Feedback on the demo:
Full points for the demo.
Eating a local produce is fine.

- badge and achievements, make sure to have gamification in order to motivate people. We should do more with achievements.
- Lower the temperature, This is an required feature. Needs to be in there.
- Tracking CO2, We also need to save the raw CO2 saving.
- Make all the features a little bit better. Tooltips. It’s also about informing the user. so we need to motivate the user.



### Rapport and presentation:

#### Rapport
- No more no less than 8 pages, including the personal reflections. 
- For ethics How are we using private credentials, How are checking if people are below 13. If we are not doing this stuff that’s fine but then we have to describe how we would handle this in a real application. Focus more on the technological part  and show that we thought about our application.
- Submission can be done on gitlab or whatsapp.

#### Presentation
- Asks very techinical question
- Need to be able to answer questions and critical decision.
- Should be at most 2 people for as much time as we want.
- Give a presentation where we sale our product. We don’t have to explain the technical parts in depth.
- Defend our more controversial design choices.
- We can hand-in our presentation on monday for feedback.
- Submission can be done on gitlab or whatsapp.
- We can have some fun with it but the presentation should be relatively professional.
- Demo can be added. for all our features.
- no suicide features

### Deadlines next week:

Take pictures of scrum boards. add them now and it is fine.
We can have a demo presentation next week.
