- Date: 11.03.2019
- Time: 13:45
- Location: Meeting room 3.2, third floor of EWI
- Chair: Max Karsten
- Secretary: Dan Dan Berendsen

1.	Introduction
2.  Looking back at the past week
    - What did everyone do?
Max: UI, food api
Thom: database for achievements + testing
Jason: User authentication
Harshitaa: UI design, loginscreen
Dan Dan: Achievements backbone, GUI design
    - Did anyone encounter any insoluble problems?
3.	Agenda items
    - Communication
        - Whatsapp for general messaging, Discord only for VoIP and remote teamwork?
    - Checkstyle
        - Why can't we use `[package].*`?
	- Continuous Integration
        - [Auto DevOps](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/topics/autodevops/) or down the rabbit hole?
    - Testing update
        - User API is fully tested
        - Should we also model a mock server for full client request testing?
        - More generally, which client code should we test?
    - Code review
        - Is it up to scratch?
        - Merge requests
    - Scrum board
        - Should we do better? 
        >Which is being used as a tool, not as paperwork
4.  Question round (for the TA or just in general)
5.	Any Other Business
6.	Action Points
Demo needs to work on monday week 6 otherwise we fail it, problem with connecting to the database form the application
Advise from David: keep working on the project and we will be fine. Planning ahead should be connecting everything and implementing the last bits.
7.	Next meeting – next Monday 14:45-15:45 
8.	Closing - 15:45