# Any Other Business

The aim of this document is to answer some questions one may have about our project that were not answered in the report.
## Why are there only six releases? 
When reading the changelog or looking at the release tags, it is evident that there is not a release tag for every week of the project. The reasons for this are quite simple: in the very first week of the project there was simply no version of the application, so 0.1.0 came about by the end of the second week; version 0.2.0 followed 9 days, so two days late, after this initial release; 0.2.1, however, was 5 days late as there were both problems integrating the various feature branches and the team was studying for the linear algebra midterm on March 14 (take note that this equates to a total delay of one week); 0.3.0 came 4 days late, as some older feature branches had to be in this week's release for the next demo and the integration took some time; Admittedly, a version 0.4.0 or 0.3.1 should have followed in the 15 day gap between 0.3.0 and 1.0.0, although I do think that working towards a rubric-compliant finished product was also beneficial to our team. All in all, I hope that this illustrates why we didn't choose to release a version every week.
## Why are these and these classes exempt from the coverage report?
[this should be added when we know what to exempt]
## Why are there still two Checkstyle issues?
The only reason we decided to keep the seven-argument constructor of Meal and the seven-variable class Meal altogether was to be directly compatible with the MealDB API we use for our application. Trying to pack some information in more complex data structures would only obscure the meaning and workings of the class in our opinion and that is why we gave it a pass.
## Why are were some merge requests instantaneously approved by the creators of said merge requests?
One big problem our group encountered, as did other groups, was the malfunctioning of the Add Approvers option when editing a merge request. Generally speaking only Richard, Harshitaa and Jason could be added as approvers, leaving Dan Dan, Max and Thom out of the approval process. Sometimes when the latter team members were working on code, they peer-reviewed their work, added some comments, resolved these and then merged the requests with or without approval. In addition to this, there was no know-how in the first weeks with regard to the peer-reviewing process so back then bits of code were simply merged at will. After learning more about PR, the process became more professional and democratic.